name: power
fieldKey fieldType
-------- ---------
target   string
value    float

name: regulus
fieldKey          fieldType
--------          ---------
rps               float
starts_total      integer
status            string
target            string
temp1_aku         float
temp1_heating_in  float
temp1_heating_max float
temp_aku          integer
temp_heating_in   integer
temp_heating_max  integer
temp_in           float
temp_out          float
washwater_temp    float

name: regulus_stats
fieldKey           fieldType
--------           ---------
avg_compressor_rps float
defreezing_cycles  integer
heat_pump_hours    integer
produced_heat_kwh  integer
solar_pump_hours   integer

name: solar
fieldKey       fieldType
--------       ---------
collector_temp float
power_perc     integer
pump_status    string
temp_current   float
temp_demand    integer

name: weather
fieldKey    fieldType
--------    ---------
temperature float